We were talking about this X,
Y, Z Cartesian coordinates.
So what does that actually look like?
What is this coordinate system?
What's it in reference to?
Well, this coordinate system is actually the same as the car's local coordinates.
So here, we have this top-down view.
The X axis is defined pointing out towards the front of the car,
while the Y axis is pointing out to the left,
while Z axis then,
is pointing straight up vertical.
Then we have the side view.
We can see the X axis pointing out and the Z axis pointing vertically, and then,
this will really give us some nice details about how
these different vertical layers are organized.
So for the [inaudible] case,
we have this top layer and it's had a minus 24.8 degree incline from the X axis,
and then it covers this 26.8 degree range,
then each of these 64 layers will be evenly spread across this 26.8 degree range here.
So that's how we define this coordinate system for our X, Y, Z points.